Preventing to Override our theme variants via `extendTheme` (#3809)
marigold-ui/marigold: docs/content/hooks-and-utils/extendTheme/extendTheme.mdx

With `extendTheme` you can add more variants and sizes to these components.

<Message messageTitle="Adding new variant" variant="warning">

>   You can **ONLY** add a new variant to the theme, and you **SHOULDN'T**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  You can **only** add a new variant to the theme, and you **should not**
```
